so I have to make a square pea recipe and we're going to
disassemble with people are going fast talking about debts at the meeting his share
had a little bit later than other charcuteries we've always known
the buccaneer the confused socialist
today they've been doing it for a few years a variety of
sausage or it's a bit of a mix between sausage andouille sausage so it
is countered in the red
and so here we call parents of course not to be confused at
the andouillette found in metropolis it has nothing to do it does not give
our product the gratitude of the miller meeting it's fine this driver
smoke
and that the fafn it cooks exactly like the smoked sausage
so we're going expensive used this full season
it's good for little but pure sailing with the deposit in Paris in the
program so it was ali a presence at the meeting that prevailed
unfortunately disappear from our markets of notable but
thankfully thanks to the will of many farmers people
passionate about the costs the cooks ddd
we can find paris then so this is one of the cumines is one of 8 9
like beans peas it's a plant that will win and that percent and
of tomorrow more vegetables in power it is difficult to plant for
so have largely flop the entire monsoon they do not have the seeds that
are not prepared interesting at the kitchen level
so we will use the program for the choice of water which is very very
young
see what's going on easily between the fingers just removed the two
ends this is called the narrow right side of his ideas and
possibly he floats aside from two compared weight fairs
we will cross the thread if the force is not apparent so much it means
all the better, that means who is still very young
we see today that more small square pears in stretches to
frequent whole tomorrow two centimeters long for saying
nicely so we will pay our our best English singer so well
sure we will whiten oval whiten it with cold water for three donkeys
saleh once or twice if needed
then we will cut it into small slices
g
probably also to face the monster who managed to force his existence
with Italian justice took charge in front of savages who managed to
to run away
this set
it is sometimes felt tokyo have perfectly satisfied so there is neither
even sometimes also in the cleanest program of the pib in France that I
proposes and if it is not very well done the program must be strengthened
fund will be forfeit power to a bet if you want and in which one will
be able to buy twice delayed but the peculiarity of this party will not have
of movement will not be easy 3 atlantic city
and then artificians price the realization of this dish
that's why so why
we need to get on the waste increases closes slice it from
andouillette toddlers that go from 10 million yes it's already less
john rossi then to margate a little late there is the risk that a
shampoo and his subjects a little bit so it's very unlikely
he chooses not to stupidly in this lawsuit
and for a second platter beating rather flat matte well sad
we will let the club occupies in the skin the plateau beat well taken
we will then add the weight squared and at that moment mutant bar
constantly she discovered condominium evening
this time the helmet well because it is the green for the others handed all
gently until they are caught wearing cotton or three minutes it takes
not
on several points is still dreaming it must be much more and
then with aplomb cook about 3 to 4 minutes maximum for the for that
programs and imbibes themselves and sometimes their debts however is not
surprised so that it does not become compote is very happy